---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "turso_database Data Source - turso"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# turso_database (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The name of the database.

### Read-Only

- `database` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--database))

<a id="nestedatt--database"></a>
### Nested Schema for `database`

Read-Only:

- `allow_attach` (Boolean) The current status for allowing the database to be attached to another.
- `archived` (Boolean) The current status of the database. If `true`, the database is archived and requires a manual unarchive step.
- `block_reads` (Boolean) The current status for blocked reads.
- `block_writes` (Boolean) The current status for blocked writes.
- `db_id` (String) The database universal unique identifier (UUID).
- `group` (String) The name of the group the database belongs to.
- `hostname` (String) The DNS hostname used for client libSQL and HTTP connections.
- `is_schema` (Boolean) If this database controls other child databases then this will be `true`. See [Multi-DB Schemas](/features/multi-db-schemas).
- `name` (String) The database name, **unique** across your organization.
- `primary_region` (String) The primary region location code the group the database belongs to.
- `regions` (List of String) A list of regions for the group the database belongs to.
- `schema` (String) The name of the parent database that owns the schema for this database. See [Multi-DB Schemas](/features/multi-db-schemas).
- `type` (String) The string representing the object type.
- `version` (String) The current libSQL version the database is running.
