---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "turso_database Resource - turso"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# turso_database (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "turso_database" "example" {
  group = "a-group"
  name  = "a-database"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group` (String) The name of the group where the database should be created. **The group must already exist.**
- `name` (String) The name of the new database. Must contain only lowercase letters, numbers, dashes. No longer than 64 characters.

### Optional

- `allow_attach` (Boolean) Allow or disallow attaching databases to the current database.
- `block_reads` (Boolean) Block all database reads.
- `block_writes` (Boolean) Block all database writes.
- `id` (String) The name of the database.
- `is_schema` (Boolean) Mark this database as the parent schema database that updates child databases with any schema changes. See [Multi-DB Schemas](/features/multi-db-schemas).
- `schema` (String) The name of the parent database to use as the schema. See [Multi-DB Schemas](/features/multi-db-schemas).
- `seed` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--seed))
- `size_limit` (String) The maximum size of the database in bytes. Values with units are also accepted, e.g. 1mb, 256mb, 1gb.

### Read-Only

- `database` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--database))

<a id="nestedatt--seed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `seed`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the existing database when `database` is used as a seed type.
- `timestamp` (String) A formatted [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) recovery point to create a database from. This must be within the last 24 hours, or 30 days on the scaler plan.
- `type` (String) The type of seed to be used to create a new database.
- `url` (String) The URL returned by [upload dump](/api-reference/databases/upload-dump) can be used with the `dump` seed type.


<a id="nestedatt--database"></a>
### Nested Schema for `database`

Read-Only:

- `allow_attach` (Boolean) The current status for allowing the database to be attached to another.
- `archived` (Boolean) The current status of the database. If `true`, the database is archived and requires a manual unarchive step.
- `block_reads` (Boolean) The current status for blocked reads.
- `block_writes` (Boolean) The current status for blocked writes.
- `db_id` (String) The database universal unique identifier (UUID).
- `group` (String) The name of the group the database belongs to.
- `hostname` (String) The DNS hostname used for client libSQL and HTTP connections.
- `is_schema` (Boolean) If this database controls other child databases then this will be `true`. See [Multi-DB Schemas](/features/multi-db-schemas).
- `name` (String) The database name, **unique** across your organization.
- `primary_region` (String) The primary region location code the group the database belongs to.
- `regions` (List of String) A list of regions for the group the database belongs to.
- `schema` (String) The name of the parent database that owns the schema for this database. See [Multi-DB Schemas](/features/multi-db-schemas).
- `type` (String) The string representing the object type.
- `version` (String) The current libSQL version the database is running.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import turso_database.example_database database_name
```
